all right now this is something I know
many people have been looking forward to
all year the results of our annual
beloved tradition the Halloween candy
youtube challenge is the night time
we've done it I'm told that many of the
disappointed kids from the first time we
did in 2011 have now blossomed to become
fully grown disappointed adults and
that's and I want to say some of those
out there who think I do this because I
enjoy being mean to gets that is not I
love kids not only do I love kids
I have written and illustrated a
children's book called the serious goose
now this is not a joke
it comes out December 3rd it's available
for pre-order now and all the money I
make from it goes to children's
hospitals here in LA and around it looks
like this the serious piece and remember
that for the next five minutes as we
endure the tears of disappointed
children in this year's edition of hey
Jimmy Kimmel I told my kids I ate all
their Halloween candy
[Music]
mommy and daddy ate all of your
Halloween candy all of your candy will
you forgive me yes but don't do it again
it'll make you basic you will have to
poop all that out really Juliana that's
so rude are you
[Applause]
[Music]
last night I got hungry and I ate all of
your Halloween candy you're happy that
you can't you just want the empty bucket
oh you don't eat people's TV okay thank
you I love you Mackenzie Jimmy Kimmel
told me to do it Jimmy Kimmel told me to
trick you if I ever seen Jimmy Kimmel I
would punch her in the face why he
deserves it
what if I do it again tonight is what
I'm gonna bundle in a weiner have a
mouthful of candy right when you're
crying about more candies wait Matt
choo-choo what's in your mouth they
don't understand you
and now what does it make you feel
[Applause]
alright I'm sorry kids and thanks all
the parents who participated especially
those who recorded their videos
horizontally we really appreciate it
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it